Grids: Describe renderAsync (#3001)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/GridBase/1 Configuration/scrolling/rowRenderingMode.md

Renders all the loaded rows at once.

- *"virtual"*     

> Renders only those rows that get into the viewport. Use this mode if the [pageSize](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/paging/pageSize.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/paging/#pageSize') is large. Rows that are being currently rendered can be shown as gray boxes. If you do not want them to appear, disable the **scrolling**.[renderAsync]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/scrolling/#renderAsync) property, but please be notified that this may lower the performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renders only those rows that get into the viewport. Use this mode if the [pageSize](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/paging/pageSize.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/paging/#pageSize') is large. Rows that are being currently rendered can be shown as gray boxes. If you do not want them to appear, disable the **scrolling**.[renderAsync]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/scrolling/#renderAsync) property, but this can impact performance.
```
